Create ui-c8y-1022-10-0-add-new-data-point-graph-and-data-point-explorer-to-dm.md (#3587)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1022-10-0-add-new-data-point-graph-and-data-point-explorer-to-dm.md

---
date: ""

> title: When data point graph feature is enabled it no longer breaks the widget in the Device Management application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Enabling the data point graph preview feature no longer breaks the visualization of data points in the Device Management application
```

> title: Enabling the data point graph preview feature no longer breaks the visualization of data points in the Device Management application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Enabling the data point graph preview feature no longer breaks the visualization of data points
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:

>   - value: change-QHu1GdukP

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
```

>     label: Feature

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    label: Fix
```

component:
  - value: component-YbYJ3gLU_
    label: Web SDK
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-64091
version: 1022.10.0
---

> Previously, when enabling the data point graph preview feature, this could cause rendering issues with the associated Device and Communication widgets, impacting the display and usability of related data. This issue has been fixed. Visualizing data points with the data point graph preview feature enabled now works seamlessly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, when enabling the data point graph preview feature, this could cause rendering issues with the associated Device and Communication widgets in the Device Management application, impacting the display and usability of related data. This issue has been fixed. Visualizing data points with the data point graph preview feature enabled now works seamlessly.
```

> When the data point graph preview feature is enabled, it now functions seamlessly without causing disruptions to the associated Device and Communication widget in the Device Management application. Previously, enabling this feature could result in rendering issues, impacting the display and usability of related data. This fix ensures a smoother user experience, improves reliability when visualizing data points within the Device Management application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, when enabling the data point graph preview feature, this could cause rendering issues with the associated Device and Communication widgets, impacting the display and usability of related data. This issue has been fixed. Visualizing data points with the data point graph preview feature enabled now works seamlessly.
```

---
date: ""

> title: Add new data point graph and data point explorer to DM (#9683)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: When data point graph feature is enabled it no longer breaks the widget in the Device Management application.
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-QHu1GdukP
    label: Feature
component:
  - value: component-YbYJ3gLU_
    label: Web SDK
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-64091
version: 1022.10.0
---

> Co-authored-by: Enio Sultan <92023325+eniosultan@users.noreply.github.com>
> Co-authored-by: Tristan Bastian <tristan.bastian@cumulocity.com>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When the data point graph preview feature is enabled, it now functions seamlessly without causing disruptions to the associated Device and Communication widget in the Device Management application. Previously, enabling this feature could result in rendering issues, impacting the display and usability of related data. This fix ensures a smoother user experience, improves reliability when visualizing data points within the Device Management application.
```
